docs: add details to expected plugin configuration values (#399)
grafana/synthetic-monitoring-app: README.md

    name: grafana-synthetic-monitoring-app
    disabled: false
    jsonData:

>       apiHost: https://synthetic-monitoring-api.grafana.net || https://synthetic-monitoring-api-eu-west.grafana.net

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      apiHost: <synthetic monitoring api url for your grafana cloud stack>
```

This URL is different for each region

      publisherToken: <metric publisher token from grafana.com>
```

> Configuration details:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration details:

- `apiHost` expects Synthetic Monitoring API URL, [see more details here](https://github.com/grafana/synthetic-monitoring-api-go-client/blob/main/docs/API.md#api-url)

```
